I went to see Wang Yimei that day
Did you find anything unusual about him?
I found him a little anxious the other day.
But it's normal when talking to other people
I didn't find anything. What did you tell him?
Did you tell him as I told you?
Didn't say anything else superfluous?
I promise I didn't say a word more
That's weird.
We saw the defense idea in Tang Jian's computer
He just asked Wang Yimei to fight for something practical.
Don't fight for an apology or something
Then he disgraced his husband and kicked him out of Zhenggang Group
Yes, aren't we just trying our best to meet his needs?
To put it bluntly, we are not just trying to win him over
Let him abandon Tang Jian for other lawyers in our green lock
That's weird.
There's no conflict.
Even he repelled Tang Jian so much
Put yourself in the hospital
Why didn't he take advantage of such an opportunity to change lawyers directly?
How comfortable would that be?
Why can't I figure it out and commit suicide? Then how do I know?
I see. Tell me what's going on.
Well, the only thing that could go wrong is the advice Tang Jian gave him and he took it.
That is to say, Wang Yimei supported Tang Jian
In this way, when we make a move, it actually makes him conflicted
That's a contradiction.
Because of this, I can't think of suicide
Don't you forget.
When Bai Xiaotong went to Wang Yimei, we told him to be tough
The heroism of Tang Jian is serious
We as a law firm will not support him at all
And we will never compromise
Just in case.
I can only do one and two endlessly